Ralph
Hi witch lady, I wanna potion
"You're too young for a potion"
Nuh uh! My daddy says you make potion for anyone who asks, and I'm asking!
"So you are, how can I help you today?"
All my friends got dogs, but... one of my friends, he got a dog, and the dog is no good.
"The dog is unwell?"
No he's okay, but he doesn't play! He doesn't know any tricks, he's bad at fetch, and he don't even bark loud.
"I see. What would you like done to remedy this?"
well YOU'RE the witch, aintcha got something to make dogs good?
"So I am. Allow me to consult my texts."
<player looks at the tome>
"Tell me about this dog, the more you tell the more effective the potion will be."


Petra
Dot my dear, it is good to see you again.
I had a rough day, will you listen to an old crone's missives?
"You cannot complain about being old when you look like you're 24"
Of course I can, and I do often. It's not nice to disrespect your elders. I was here before this town was founded.
"So you say. What's on your mind?"
A man came in today, he knew you, Petre? Ralph's uncle. He was injured on the farm, and losing blood.
"How much blood?"
Too much, I'm afraid. Both for him and for me. I saw it and I felt feral. I tried to suppress it, to see him as a person, but... he did not make it.
"Did you kill him?"
I do not know. But he is dead now, and I drank his blood.
Don't look at me that way, I am trapped and you know it. If I do not drink blood, I die. If I die, the town loses it's only doctor, and more people die.
"You're being flippant"
Of course I am, I am an old lady who has seen more death and turmoil than most. I have killed before and felt no shame in it.
"You're feeling shame now"
Do not read me like one of your books. But yes, of course. I feel awful. In the past I was more sure. I saw a wound and knew immediately if they would live or die with my help. But today, I did not know. And I worry that my not knowing tipped the scales.

Liet
Ah, the town witch! I love a town witch, and I especially love a lovely town witch. Pleasure to meet you, the name's Liet.
"Do you need help?"
Don't we all? Today I came in just hoping to pick up a bit of information, if you could be so kind.
"I sell potions, not rumors."
Of course, of course. Then I'll buy one, and I'll talk to you while you make it. I need a warding potion.
So I heard this town's got a vampire problem, is that right?
I see.
Do you know who the vampire is, personally?
I see.
I think your town's got another problem, judging by the carcas I saw from the road. Vampires are evil, but they aren't much for mutilating.
You knew about this one too?
Well well well.
"Get out of my shop."
With haste. Appreciate it, darling.

Dov
'Lo, witch. I've a kindness to ask of you.
"Dov, how can I help you today?"
My husband has been here, has he not?
"I am sworn to secrecy of those who enter my shop, and what, if anything, they ask for."
I'm asking you this not as a mere trifle, I worry for him.
"If he needs help, my doors are never closed."
He does need help, he just... doens't know it.
"Can you elaborate?"
We are old men, we have had long lives together. I fear he has been taking something to increase his stamina.
Why he would after all this time, I know not. There are only so many beats our hearts have left!
I beg you, do not feed him whatever concoction has made him change so.
"How has he changed?"
He comes home smelling of sweat at odd hours. Once he came home with his clothes torn in the middle of the night. 






